pervert Trier will sail the tyre
specialist which focuses on customer
satisfaction in 1966 man's Hurva the
father of the current directors Yan and
Berto server started his one-man company
in denim his slogan was everything for
the client an important slogan that
remains to this day the company
currently known as pervert tie wholesale
has expanded over the last 50 years to
become one of Europe's leading tri
specialists we have specialists for
every product category because we want
to offer our clients optimal service a
large stock competitive prices and a
modern web shop enable you to place an
order with the greatest possible ease
indeed tires are our business but our
relationship with you our customer is a
key focal point the contact should be of
course business minded but also Pleasant
and personal this is what you should
expect from us as a partner in business
of course
tires are our main focal point but
business agreements and understanding
your needs and wishes as a client are of
the utmost importance with a total of
two hundred and thirty enthusiastic
employees we optimize our service and
thus your experience with us passion for
the product and attention to a personal
relationship are at the forefront Trust
is the basis we also take the
environment and sustainable business
practices into consideration as expected
from a major 21st century business we
don't ignore our social responsibility
either we have adopted Jeanne Pullen's
project home of hope and dreams this
project enables underprivileged orphans
in Uganda to have better and happier
prospects for the future we strive for
corporate social responsibility and
doing business based on a personal
relationship we gladly help you to
fulfill the promises you make to your
customers for 100% customer satisfaction